somewhere in the Far East
a deadly crime ring is about to trigger
an international crisis but they didn't
plan on this day
[Music]
young by day I don't like my chickens
live okay I like I'm dead deep-fried
you've heard Popeyes I want to show him
a good time
Hong Kong sale you get a massage from
Chinese girl before I got a doubt
hold on get her in a black pearl pink
hurry up what's wrong with you you don't
jump in front of a black man in a buffet
line Lee what now mole vacation I don't
know you sorry me either
oh my God look alike it's 2 million
Chinese people you let one of them be a
button no please tada
don't worry Chinese bamboo it's very
strong the vacation may be over
oppa Nicky you an LAPD fun I'm
undercover agent jaws a badge or
something short again is just beginning
hey are we doing in Vegas we got the MEK
out man we can't go in there like this
what doesn't mean back out nothing
touches this body but pure silk
absolutely would your partner like to be
wrapped in silk as well because
personally I really enjoy it when
couples dress alike I'm gonna make a big
commotion Dean unique a movie guy
this summer have fun get ready
while some of this Egyptian style girl
come for a second rush with the master
of smash the talker of trash I don't
even know why the hell I'm in here I
need tiny here
do you understand the worst you're like
coming over my mouth don't nobody
understand the words that are coming out
of your mouth man
[Music]